Changes for RHDEVDOCS-4827: Configure pipelines-as-code repo on Git import (#56454)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/odc-importing-codebase-from-git-to-create-application.adoc

* *Context Dir* to specify the subdirectory for the application source code you want to use to build the application.
* *Source Secret* to create a *Secret Name* with credentials for pulling your source code from a private repository.

. Optional: You can import a `Devfile`, a `Dockerfile`, or a `Builder Image` through your Git repository to further customize your deployment.
* If your Git repository contains a `Devfile`, a `Dockerfile`, or a `Builder Image`, it is automatically detected and populated on the respective path fields. If a `Devfile`, a `Dockerfile`, or a `Builder Image` are detected in the same repository, the `Devfile` is selected by default.
* To edit the file import type and select a different strategy, click *Edit import strategy* option.

> * If multiple `Devfiles`, a `Dockerfiles`, or a `Builder Images` are detected, to import a specific `Devfile`, a `Dockerfile`, a `Builder Image`, specify the respective paths relative to the context directory.

Reviewer: Maybe simplify to say "If multiple....are detected, to import a specific instance, specify...."

so as not to have to repeat the choices

Author: Simplified the sentence as suggested. Thanks!

> * If GitHub App is set up, you can see *Use GitHub App* and *Setup a webhook* options. If GitHub App is not set up, you can see *Setup a webhook* option.

Reviewer 2: @shreyasiddhartha this is only shown when the user checks the configure pac radio button. This is a part of the form that is shown when the above checkbox is checked.

Author: @divyanshiGupta Sure. I'll add this as a note in the Pipelines section then as it would make more sense there.

You can set the default resource preference for Import by browsing the User Preferences page and clicking *Applications* -> *Resource type* field. The *Serverless Deployment* option is displayed in the *Import from Git* form only if the {ServerlessOperatorName} is installed in your cluster. For further details, refer to the {ServerlessProductName} documentation.
====

> . In the *Pipelines* section, select *Add Pipeline*, and then click *Show Pipeline Visualization* to see the pipeline for the application. A default pipeline is selected, but you can choose the pipeline you want from the list of available pipelines for the application. If the *Configure PAC* is checked and the GitHub App is set up, you can see *Use GitHub App* and *Setup a webhook* options. If GitHub App is not set up, you can see *Setup a webhook* option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Pipelines* section, select *Add Pipeline*, and then click *Show Pipeline Visualization* to see the pipeline for the application. A default pipeline is selected, but you can choose the pipeline you want from the list of available pipelines for the application. If *Configure PAC* is checked and the GitHub App is set up, you can see *Use GitHub App* and *Setup a webhook* options. If GitHub App is not set up, you can see *Setup a webhook* option.
```

Author: Made this change. Thanks!

+
[NOTE]
====

> The *Add pipeline* checkbox is checked and *Configure PAC* is selected by default if the below criterias are fulfilled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Add pipeline* checkbox is checked and *Configure PAC* is selected by default if the following criteria are fulfilled:
```

Author: Made this change. Thanks!
